BRAIN MRI

Technique: Axial and sagittal plane SE T1, axial and coronal plane TSE T2 and axial plane FLAIR, axial plane DWI, SWI and ADC mapping, weighted sequences were obtained. IV contrast agent was not used.

Findings:
Medulla oblongata, pons, midbrain, both cerebellar hemispheres and vermis, cerebellar folia are normal. The 4th ventricle is midline and of normal width. Basal cisterns, cerebellopontine angle cisterns, internal acoustic canal widths, 5th, 7th-8th cranial nerves are normal.
An 11 mm long diameter hypointense appearance on T2 sequence is present in the frontal region at the interhemispheric fissure location. (falx calcification)
Cavum septum pellucidum et vergae variation is present.

Bilateral basal ganglia, internal and external capsules, both thalami, corpus callosum, corona radiata are normal.
No pathological intensity change was detected within the cerebral parenchyma. No area of restriction compatible with acute infarct was observed on Diffusion-ADC mapping.

No space-occupying lesion was detected in the cerebral parenchyma.

Cavum septum pellucidum and vergae variation is present. The third and both lateral ventricles are midline and of normal width. Hemispheric cortical sulcus and gyrus structure is normal.

Main cerebral vascular structures are patent.

Cranium bone structures, both globes, retrobulbar fat tissue, optic nerves, and optic chiasm are normal.

Paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cell aeration within the sections are intact.
Multiple oval-shaped lymphadenopathy are observed in both cervical chains entering the imaging field.
Within the suboccipital fatty tissue, medial to the left posterior rectus capitis major muscle entering the imaging field, a well-defined 12x10 mm mass lesion is present, hypointense on T1 sequence and hyperintense on T2 sequence.

Impression:
• Cavum septum pellucidum and vergae variation
• Hypointense appearance on T2 sequence in the frontal region interhemispheric fissure location (falx calcification)
• Lymphadenopathy in both cervical chains entering the imaging field + mass lesion within the left suboccipital fatty tissue (MRI + cervical MRA recommended for this region)

[radiologist_1]
